Add `The Followpoint: YesMyDarknesss, the Master of osu!catch` news post (#11416)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-05-20-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-osu-catch-prodigy.md

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: YesMyDarknesss, the osu!catch Prodigy"
date: 2024-05-20 11:00:00 +0000
---

Read up on the latest interview with YesMyDarknesss, the osu!catch #1 player.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-05-20-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-osu-catch-prodigy/banner.jpg)

Welcome or welcome back to The Followpoint, a "community spotlight" series where we interview various players and community figures to get to know them better!

> We are back with a second interview of our special set, interviewing the very top of each game mode, this time featuring YesMyDarknesss (a.k.a Hyperw7), osu!catch rank #1 player!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are back with a second interview of our special set, interviewing the very top of each game mode, this time featuring YesMyDarknesss (a.k.a Hyperw7), osu!catch #1 player!
```

Author: Thing is I used `rank #1 player` because that's what Wala made it in a previous newspost

Reviewer 2: well yeah i'd subjectively prefer it that way

Author: I don't mind either, so it's up to news team really

---
layout: post

> title: "The Followpoint: YesMyDarknesss, the osu!catch Prodigy"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "The Followpoint: YesMyDarknesss, the Master of osu!catch"
```

date: 2024-05-20 11:00:00 +0000
---

> Read up on the latest interview with YesMyDarknesss, the osu!catch #1 player.

Author: It would be nice to mention they hold #1 longer than any other current #1, but I don't know how to word it without making a wall of text

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-05-20-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-osu-catch-prodigy/banner.jpg)

Welcome or welcome back to The Followpoint, a "community spotlight" series where we interview various players and community figures to get to know them better!

> We are back with a second interview of our special set, interviewing the very top of each game mode, this time featuring YesMyDarknesss (a.k.a Hyperw7), osu!catch rank #1 player!

Author: ```suggestion
We are back with a second interview of our special set, interviewing the very top of each game mode, this time featuring YesMyDarknesss (a.k.a Hyperw7), osu!catch rank #1 player and the longest standing #1 of all game modes!
```

>
> Next, I'd like to talk about how to practice. In rhythm games, there aren't many tips on how to improve. I think tips are more about how to hit special patterns, not something that applies to the whole game. If a "tip" applies to the entire game, then it's not really a tip anymore; it's skill.
>
> So, what I want to say is try to figure out the best practice method for you. In my case, I was spamming retries a lot, playing each hard map more than a thousand times. But even while spamming retries, you need to think about the reasons for your gameplay, like 'Why did I miss that pattern?' or 'Do I need to change my beat to be faster or slower?' or 'I need to memorize the position of the fruit in this part.'
>
> Yes, after you move past the spamming phase, you need to find your own reasons for your gameplay. Why did you miss? How do you catch the patterns? What beat should you use?

> > In my case, when I missed a section, I kept trying to change my beat. If I was tapping my keyboard 1/4 at that moment, I would switch to 1/3 or 1/6, constantly adjusting my timing. Once I found the right beat, I memorized it and kept it in mind when retrying that map.

Reviewer 2: i have no idea what this is supposed to be about. identifying what beat snap divisor is used in a map? adjusting by tapping earlier/later? it just doesn't make any sense

should check with yesmydarkness

Author: ```suggestion
> In my case, when I miss a section, I keep trying to change my tapping rhythm. If I were tapping my keyboard at 1/4 in one moment, I would switch to 1/3 or 1/6, constantly adjusting my tapping. Once I found the right rhythm, I memorized it and kept it in mind when retrying the map.
```

>
> After that, I focus on the hard patterns of the map and replay those parts over and over. If a map feels easy to full combo or play except for one difficult pattern or part, then that part is your weakness. In rhythm games, if you're a picky eater, you won't survive.
>

> > Finally, the way to practice in osu!catch (hurray). In this game mode there is special tech called 'pixel', where you have to catch the end of one fruit and move to the other end of the next fruit. You have to control your catcher really accurately during these patterns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Finally, the way to practice in osu!catch (hurray). In this game mode there is special a tech called '[pixel dash](/wiki/Gameplay/Edge_dash)', where you have to catch the edge of one fruit in order to reach the edge of the next fruit. You have to control your catcher really accurately during these patterns.
>
```

> > So, sometimes it's better to play easy maps, but catch the fruits with the edge of the catcher. I sometimes practice by catching all patterns with the right end, left end, or both ends of the catcher. This helps you get comfortable with the 'pixel' technique, making your movements smoother and improving your timing in Catch the Beat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> So, sometimes it's better to play easy maps, but catch the fruits with the edge of the catcher. I sometimes practice by catching all patterns with the right end, left end, or both ends of the catcher. This helps you get comfortable with the technique, making your movements smoother and improving your timing in osu!catch.
```

*What is your favorite osu!catch score you’ve set?*

> > Hmmm, there are too many scores to decide. My favorite catch score is probably [Chroma - I [AI] +HR](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1956565686)? My other scores can be replaced by other pro players, who play better than me, but I still can't understand how did I do that CS5.3 with HR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Hmmm, there are too many scores to decide. My favorite catch score is probably [Chroma - I [AI] +HR](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1956565686)? My other scores can be replaced by other pro players, who play better than me, but I still can't understand how I did CS 5.3 with HR.
```

*What made you play Xronier map using "[guitar hero playstyle](https://www.twitch.tv/yesmydarknesss/clip/InnocentAbstemiousYakPupper-vX89K6koYLVGQQdP)" that one time?*

> > I've played a few times in guitar hero style even before Xronier just for fun, and one of my best scores done in this playstyle on [ADHD](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1789527#fruits/3666753) map is also my personal [Hidden mod pp record](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1957545279).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> I've played a few times in Guitar Hero style even before Xronier just for fun, and one of my best scores done in this playstyle on [ADHD](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1789527#fruits/3666753) map is also my personal [Hidden mod pp record](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1957545279).
```

*Who would you call the best osu!catch player(s) at the moment and why?*

> > In this generation I would call [Motion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626) the best player. He has mastered multiple techniques, crazy speed, and even a lot more clean movement. A complete all-rounder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In this generation I would call [Motion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626) the best player. He has mastered multiple techniques, has crazy speed, and even has a lot more clean movement. A complete all-rounder.
```

*What would you call the most impressive skillset in catch?*

> > I'm really sad to say it, but it's probably the "pixel" technique, which I often called a "luck issue" before. It's unique to osu!catch, and you must practice this tech, because it will be hard to improve later if you find it difficult.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> I'm really sad to say it, but it's probably the "pixel dash", which I often called a "luck issue" before. It's unique to osu!catch, and you must practice this tech, because it will be hard to improve later if you find it difficult.
```

> *What do you feel is the most important aspect to keep motivation even when you are not improving?*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*What do you feel is the most important aspect to remain motivated even when you are not improving?*
```

> Never give up, even if you feel exhausted, tired, mad, sad, crazy, etc., just don't give up and keep playing. Then one day the result will come to you.

*Have you considered coming back to mapping?*

> > Thanks, but I'm terrible at mapping. I can't imagine my map being considered for Ranked section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Thanks, but I'm terrible at mapping. I can't imagine my map being considered for the Ranked section.
```

*What other rhythm games besides osu! do you play?*

> > I've been playing chunithm recently at the game center and want to get 17.00 rating, but it's hard to do that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> I've been playing CHUNITHM recently at the game center and want to get 17.00 rating, but it's hard to do that.
```

*To finish things up, what does the future hold for you? Do you have any goals or anything else that you'd like to mention?*

> If I have enough time to play osu! then I will be back one day. It would be nice to set my own scores again.

---

> Thanks to YesMyDarknesss for joining us and answering these questions! I hope you as a reader enjoyed this newspost as well :D

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to YesMyDarknesss for joining us and answering these questions! I hope you as a reader enjoyed this interview as well. :D
```

> Please look forward to the next interview with osu!taiko #4 player, [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311), which will be posted in two weeks!
> You can also have a look at our [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/The_Followpoint) while waiting for a new interview! Who knows, maybe we'll even post some behind the scenes stuff? 👀

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please look forward to the next interview with osu!taiko #4 player, [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311), which will be posted in two weeks! You can also have a look at our [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/The_Followpoint) while waiting for a new interview. Who knows, maybe there will be some early looks into future interviews. 👀
```
